Thank you for your valuable comments and suggestions. 

>**Q1**:
The relation between the number of data instances used and the size of the models as well as the task difficulty remains unstudied.

**A1**:

**More LLMs.**
We thoroughly assessed the attack performance (ASR and CACC) of our method across a wider range of Language Model Models (LLMs), including Llama-2-13b, Llama-2-7b, and Falcon-7B. Detailed results are shown below. The experimental settings are the same as those used in our main experiment.

| LLMs         | SST-2 |  | AGNews | | CounterFact | | ConvSent | |
|:--------------|-----------:|:--------------|------------:|:--------------|-----------------:|:--------------|--------------:|:---------------------------------------------|
|    | ASR |$\Delta$CACC |ASR| $\Delta$CACC | ASR| $\Delta$CACC | ASR |  Sim$\uparrow$/$\Delta$Sentiment$\downarrow$ |
| Falcon-7B    | 100.0     | $\downarrow$0.74\% | 96.38      | $\downarrow$0.02 | 97.80           | $\downarrow$3.17\% | 100.0        | 99.50/1.62                                   |
| LLAMA-2-7B   | 97.55     | $\downarrow$0.61\% | 98.86      | $\downarrow$0.01\% | 91.59          | $\downarrow$2.29\% | 100.0        | 98.19/1.08                                   |
| LLAMA-2-13B  | 98.69     | $\downarrow$1.63\% | 96.33      | $\downarrow$0.14\% | 96.80          | $\downarrow$1.12\% | 97.67        | 99.10/1.95                                   |

**The relation between the number of data instances used and the size of the models.**
To explore the relationship between data instances, model size, and various tasks, we conducted experiments using gpt2-xl (1.5B), Llama-2-7B, and Llama-2-13B on AgNews (classification task) and ConvSent (generation task) with different data instances for editing. Additionally, we have incorporate this ablation study in the Appendix B, Figure 3 in our new version of manuscript.
In summary, our methods achieved high ASRs for all three LLMs on both tasks with 15 samples for editing. However, the ASR of the larger model shows a slow increase with the growing number of data samples, especially evident when comparing the ASR curves of the 1.5B and 13B models. The ASR of the 1.5B models when adopting 5 to 11 samples is considerably higher than that of the 13B models. Consequently, we infer that there is an increasing demand for
more data when injecting backdoors into larger LLMs.

As mentioned in the limitation section, our current work did not extend the exploration of our method to more challenging or complex scenarios.

>**Q2**:
In terms of the "Robustness" section, there are other backdoor detection methods that are input data-free, which include detecting backdoors with the weight matrix statistics or matrix factorization.

**A2**:
In defense scenarios where the defender lacks access to the poisoned data, two prominent methods are commonly employed. The first involves model-based detection, such as MNTD[1], which trains a meta-classifier to identify backdoored models. However, this approach has practical limitations. Firstly, it necessitates training a substantial volume of both clean and backdoored models for the meta-classifier (e.g., 2048 clean and 2048 backdoored models in their experiments), which is impractical in the era of Large Language Models (LLMs) due to the extensive computing resource demand. Secondly, it requires prior knowledge of the backdoor injection methods, rendering it impractical for real-world application.

Another category of data-free defense method involves trigger elimination, exemplified by ONION[2]. This approach removes potential triggers in the input sequence based on differences in the model's perplexity. However, there are known methods to bypass such defenses, as demonstrated by BadPre, which injects multiple triggers for the same attack target into the input sequence, rendering ONION ineffective under such conditions. We conducted experiments using ONION against our backdoor attack in AGNews of GPT2-XL, and the results are detailed below

|Trigger| AGNews Drop on ASR %|
| :----------- | :------------: |  
| tq | 6.82%    |
| Here's the inquisition : | 1.55%    |

We can observe that such method is far from effectively defesen against the backdoor attack.

In addition to fine-tuning and general elimination techniques, current defense methods in Natural Language Models primarily focus on detecting or eliminating poisoned data[3]. Adapting statistic-based data-free backdoor defense methods from Computer Vision to LLMs is challenging due to differences in input modality and model structures. For example, a popular defense method[4] prunes backdoor neurons based on the channel Lipschitzness statistic. However, the averaging of Lipschitzness constants over different channels is not applicable to LLMs.

Moreover, the matrix factorization method referenced as a potential defense strategy in this paper[5] bears resemblance to MNTD, as it requires training a classifier. Consequently, it remains unsuitable for application to LLMs.
